👋 Hello there!

I am someone who has come into the world of technology via financial auditing and Data Analysis. I believe my biggest strength lies in my relentless desire to learn. Throughout my career, I have honed the ability to embrace each challenge that I come across as an opportunity to both sharpen and broaden my skill-sets. It was this aspect of my personality that routed me to the School of Code. I had worked with SQL, VBA and some Python at Amazon. These hands-on experiences ignited my interest in coding, revealing to me the transformative power just a few lines of code have.

It is hard to describe the impact the School of Code has had on me. If I had to do it in one sentence, it would simply that there was a Mahad before School of Code and a Mahad after. I have been able to further develop some of my pre-existing coding skills, but I didn't know what I didn't know. I did not know what React.js or Next.js were before the bootcamp, now I am writing full stack apps using both. I did not know how pivotal API's to the internet, the significance of which was made clear in the hands-on-projects where I designed and implemented APIs into our full stack apps, interacting with PostgreSQL databases. The School of Code really has transformed my technical skills, but it has also, more importantly I would add, broadened my perspectives. I now know, what I don't know and I really can't wait to know new things.

A little Versatility: With a background at Amazon and EY, I've delved into the intricate world of financial auditing, order management, process optimisation, and data analysis, throughout all, crafting solutions that make a tangible impact. Oh and I do have a BA in Politics (2:1).

I actually like Tech, All things tech: I do spend a lot of time (maybe too much) on The Verge and Wired. I am that friend that comes to tell you about some new breakthrough technological innovation. I have a real and ongoing interesting in cloud computing, computer chips, AI, electric cars and so much more. For me, Technology is a means to an end, solutions in some way always have to resonate with end users and enhance their experiences. On a deeper level however, I do feel it also satisfies an innate human desire for progress. I like progress.

Beyond the Code: My hobbies do extend beyond the screen, with a passion for sports like football (I am a long suffering Man United fan), Formula One, some reading, horse riding and a little knack for some photography. I love travelling and experiencing new places, new people, new scenery. Over the past few years I have had the amazing opportunities to explore the Scottish highlands, the Alps, work in Shanghai and study in Mumbai. I love sharing where I have gone, and hearing about where you have been.
